[MTM-55504] add entry about custom web sdk registry (#1414)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/web/upgrade-bundle/updating-web-sdk-version.md

```

{{< c8y-admon-info >}}

> The first two numbers of the version are combined (eg. 10.6 becomes 1006) as npm only supports semver version numbers. You can also remove the `-a` flag, in this case the version tagged with `latest` will be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first two numbers of the version are combined (for example, 10.6 becomes 1006) as npm only supports semver version numbers. You can also remove the `-a` flag, in this case the version tagged with `latest` will be used.
```

Reviewer: @reey Please do not use "e.g." but "for example,".
